About the job
At Flix2, we offer a tech-driven environment where innovation meets real-world impact, with competitive pay, strong growth opportunities, and a culture of collaboration and ownership. 

We are looking for a motivated and curious Junior Java/Kotlin Engineer (m/f/d) to join our team in Supply Division and drive customer station experience to the next level!

In an ever growing network, Flix customers worldwide expect a comfortable and seamless experience at our stations as part of their travel experience. Our self-organized, cross-functional and distributed team builds products to enable Flix station managers to scale management of the station inventory, which a wide range of internal tech teams across Flix depend on, and overall serves to improve the experience at our stations for millions of passengers.

In this role, you will continue to shape the product by driving innovation, solving complex challenges, and creating a lasting impact on our organization.

About The Role 

You will join a mature environment where members support you in growing your technical and soft skills.
You and your team will work closely with the Business Stakeholders on continuously developing and improving the product vision.
You always keep the business value in mind when making decisions.
You drive the development process using an agile environment.
As part of your daily work, you will work closely with your fellow team members, for example in pair and ensemble programming, doing code reviews, testing, and operations.
You frequently deliver new versions of the product, using continuous integration and delivery.
You work confidently with or learn how to use cutting-edge technologies and tools including but not limited to:
Kotlin across server and browser (we use Kotlin a lot!)
JVM on server-side (Ktor, Axon Framework)
Component-based Frontend (Compose HTML, but we valuable experience with similar libraries and frameworks)
Distributed system architecture (Apache Kafka, HTTP/REST)
Infrastructure with CI/CD (AWS, Docker, Kubernetes, Terraform, Datadog, Gitlab) 
About You

A completed Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or equivalent industry experience
You have experience in backend engineering using any JVM language (Kotlin is a plus)
You possess an understanding of testing principles
You have knowledge of SQL and relational databases
You use Docker to run your application
You use Git to version your source code
Experience in frontend engineering is a plus
You are passionate about learning new tools and keeping yourself up-to-date
You are willing to take responsibility for the product and technical decisions
You value a collaborative mindset, honest communication, experimenting, sharing knowledge and regular feedback
Clear written and spoken English communication skills

We recognize that everyone carries a unique set of valuable skills and experiences. If you think you could have an impact even though you don't meet 100% of the requirements, we still encourage you to apply. We want to hear from you! 

What We Offer

Travel perks: 12 free Flix vouchers + 12 discount vouchers for friends & family. 
Work from (M)Anywhere: Depending on your role, work from another location for up to 60 days per year. 
Hybrid work model: We are an office-first company, but we offer flexibility to balance work and life. 
Wellbeing support: Access confidential 1:1 counselling, courses, and stress management for yourself and up to four family members. 
Learning & Development: Take advantage of language classes, training courses, and expert-led sessions to grow your skills. 
Mentoring Program: Connect with experienced colleagues to gain insights and accelerate your career. 

To view more local benefits specific to each office location, please check out this link: Locations - Flix Career

Why Join Flix?

At Flix, we empower our teams to push boundaries and shape the future of mobility. As we continue to scale globally, we harness cutting-edge technology to make mobility smarter, more sustainable, and more affordable.

If you’re looking for a place where you can drive change and redefine how millions of people travel, Flix is the place where you can lead your journey!